## Review
Tam and Maki went on ahead to the village when Lupa was late. Lupa arrived with a slash on his arm and was cryptic about how he obtained it. Diane, Eric, and Lupa made it back to Ashfern to find that Jeb fell asleep and Iosefka was missing, the bars of her cell bent out of place.

**Goal:** Find Iosefka and warn Ludalgoth of Copengarde's betrayal.

- **Jebidiah the Captain** (jolly roger) wants money, relaxation
- **Lupa the Enforcer** (hardnose cop) wants island safe, sees self as hero
- **Iosefka the Diviner** (dissociating beauty) wants to carry out her mission
- **Issa the Elder** (rich eccentric aunt) wants to defend her position of authority
- **Tam the Gnome Spy** (flirty flapper) wants information, trades in secret knowledge
- **Maki the Island Guide** (surfer bro) wants Tam to stick around, doesn't like change
- **Ludalgoth the Bronze** (tired dad) worried that locking himself away will hurt Ashfern 

## Seeds
1. Seren's undead are guarding Cailan's Arch, the site of the portal where she summoned the twin snakes.
2. Some inhabitants of Cailan's Arch have been marked by Seren's undead and can be "activated" when needed.
3. Lupa captured some of Seren's undead that had wandered onto the island and caged them.
4. Lupa was attacked by the undead while checking the cage during his trip around the volcano.
5. The slice came from a "marking" blade which allows Seren to control the marked individual in small ways (like leaving a cage unlocked).
6. Tam used a charmed Maki to free Iosefka, wanting to follow her to see Lugaldoth and trade info with the dragon.
7. Tam, Maki, and Iosefka have been surrounded by the undead that Lupa had failed to contain properly.
8. Tam was being selfish but genuinely didn't intend for anyone to be hurt by her actions.
9. Tam can appraise the locket (and open it), knows the location of Lodhri (The Aegon Labyrinth), and is curious about the Cromwell situation.
10. Ludalgoth will agree to seal himself in the volcano so long as he can borrow Lupa's body to help protect his people.
