# The Road to Orben
After leaving Port Horn and heading south through Omahore, the group finds themselves facing a forest road filled with bandit ambushes and roaming monsters. To make matters worse, there's something in the forest that eats memories, which happened to Amalie. 

**Goal:** Reach Orben safely by fending off highwaymen (and worse) while traveling along the main road.

## Party Status
| Name | Status |
|:---:|:--- |
| Gin | Wants to keep Mellen safe on the journey to help their new troll friends, but also enjoy an adventure, traveling with his new wife. |
| Shimni | Wants to learn to trust Pes and be comfortable with her working towards being more useful during the trip |
| Pesmosia | Wants to practice weapons and medicine to make herself more useful and do her part in keeping herself and the group safe. |
| Taliesin |  |
| Curacao |  |

## Important NPCs
- **Vadik** is a polecat politician in Ramora, corrupt and conniving and wants to undercut others for power.
- **Dasha** is a dog baker looking to make a decent living in Ramora but having trouble since it's such a dangerous town. She can't leave because her son Almas hasn't returned from the marshes yet. (He's dead.)
- **Talgat** is a fox thief and broker working within the city walls, helping some new visitors and stiffing others depending on his mood.
- **Sveta** is a homeless vole girl who works for Talgat, playing into his schemes while wishing for a better life.

## The Red Marshes
A stretch of marshland that sits between Port Horn and the capital of Omahore, Ramora. Thousands of ponds swimming with red tadpoles cause the area to have a strange haze about it, and along the difficult terrain lurk creatures like Marsh Devils and the Willabog.

| Name | Stats | Details |
|:---:|:---:|:--- |
| **Marsh Devil** | 28HP | Clever tricksters with long, lanky, hairy bodies, thin tails, and long horns sprouting from eyeless masks |
| **Willabog** | 57HP | A massive, old, scarred crocodile spirit that feeds on memories of those it catches passing through the Red Marshes; repelled by grown Red Marsh Toads |

## Ramora, City of Thieves
Ramora is the capital city of Omahore and a bastion for thieves and scoundrels. It is a ramshackle collection of wooden buildings, built on top of each other, surrounding a large structure in the center of town (which acts as the town hall). The group must find a way through the city, as they've blocked off the roads leading around it and funneled all traffic through the city gates. The guards are asking an unreasonably high toll (10gp per person) to leave the city after entering with only one alternative: fight and win against the chosen champion of the city to leave.

| Name | Stats | Details |
|:---:|:---:|:--- |
| **Eldar the Swift** | 22HP | Eldar is a rogue with twin daggers and smoke grenades, fights dirty |
| **Tahir the Sharp** | 36HP | Tahir weilds a blade in one hand and fire magic in the other |
| **Sevil the Silent** | 45HP  | Sevil weilds a long scythe and dark magic, drawing on her vow of silence for power |
