# Road to Lovoveil
After escaping Orben with new enemies, lost time, and less resources, the party is stuck travelling to Lovoveil pursued by hunters, Viktor's mechanical assistants, and angry villagers from Casus. Berezin was able to retreive Mellen's rapier, but Gin's axe was left behind.

## Important NPCs
- **Bramble**
    - Curaçao's old mentor, ranger of Lovoveil patrolling the border. Hunter (A) and fighter (B), old and experienced but kind and friendly (Gandalf, Brom)
- **Caju**
    - Curaçao's old partner, ranger of Lovoveil. Hunter (B), fond of Curaçao but a little bitter about her leaving.
- **Cremat**
    - Younger ranger in training, hunter (D). Wants to prove himself to Bramble.
- **Greyhound**
    - Blacksmith (B) living in Tülrin's Reach. Gruff, proud, and a family man. Wife's name is **Paloma**.
- **Captain Pegu**
    - Wants to catch the killer, no matter who it is, and bring them to justice.
- **Officer Rossini**
    - Bungled the first investigation and very protective of his initial conclusion that a ranger killed Maria.
- **Councilwoman Vesper**
    - Tired, old, wants to quit but can't trust anyone else with the job yet.
- **Councilman Sazerac**
    - Corrupt, easily influenced by money.
- **Councilmember Shandy**
    - Young and inexperienced but wants to be helpful and do the job right.

**Goal:** Survive in the wilderness while avoiding detection from hostile parties / cross through Tülrin Canyon / help Curaçao's old mentor Bramble with their problem.

## Locations

### Casus Forest
The forest outside of Orben that leads to Lovoveil. A dense wood filled with creatures and hunters, with hiding spots and natural resources aplenty, the forest quickly spreads out into wide, low plains before the land opens up into Tülrin canyon.

### Tülrin Canyon
A dry, rocky stretch of canyon and dunes that separates Lovoveil from Orben. The canyon is filled with bandits, bugs, and beasts and is dangerous, but it is also named for a famous adventurer named Tülrin who was fabled to have survived for three weeks with his leg trapped between a canyon wall and a boulder that had fallen. He returned to his people with one less leg and half his mind, but lived to tell the tale and became famous for it.

### Tülrin's Reach
A village outside of Lovos, at the edge of Tülrin Canyon. Also named for the adventurer Tülrin, the village claims to be his hometown. Friendly enough, but untrusting of outsiders who try to extend their stay or might defile the canyon.

### Lovos
Lovos, the flower of the dunes, sits past the canyons at an oasis in the Lovoveil desert. There is more greenery along the coast to the east, but Lovos sits on an important trade route connecting the northern and southern countries. Sandstone buildings, tiled baths, and ornate temples surrounded by palms and waterfalls stand in contrast to the miles of rock and sand in every other direction.

## Obstacles
- **Casus villagers (F)**
    - The explosion in Casus left the village without it's primary source of income and led to Casus suffering heavy losses when they attempted to gain access to Orben.
- **Vilna's followers (D)**
    - Vilna and her people are regrouping and searching for Mellen (now a target for both vengeance and money).
- **Kirin hunters (D)**
    - There are still interested parties searching around for Mellen, especially wandering the wilderness.
- **Mechanical mice maids (C)**
    - Viktor's clockwork automatons sent looking for Mellen, to bring her back to Orben.
- **Lovos Guard (C)**
    - Lovos' security guild is one of the strictest and most effective in the continent.

## Secrets
1. Viktor is out to get Mellen and bring her back to Orben, sent maids to find her.
2. Vilna is not dead, used soul-transpositioning to escape her body before dying.
3. Curaçao is from Lovos, an oasis in the desert-half of Lovoveil. 
4. Talesin is from the coastal half, walked along the forest road and met Curaçao on the road when she was training to become a ranger.
5. Curaçao's mentor has been looking for her help; the rangers are in trouble with Lovos over a framed murder and are being held accountable.
6. The murder was carried out by a common thief in a botched home invasion, thief made it look like a ranger killed the noblewoman by stabbing her with a crossbow bolt.
7. The victim, Maria Westwater, had been seeing a ranger (Cuja) romantically.
8. Cuja had left some gear in her bedroom, including a satchel of bolts, which the thief used to kill her when she caught them.
9. The window had been broken and there was blood on the sill, but Cuja had no recent wounds.
10. Cuja cannot admit to sleeping with Maria without repercussions (her husband hasn't returned for over a year without word, but they cannot officially divorce without both signatures or proof of death).

## Treasures
- Steel Battle Axe (+3)
- New magical veil for Mellen?
- Money from rangers (500g)