# Jungles of Biphate
The party has made it through the desert to the Biphatian border. Biphate is a mostly tropical climate with large stretches of jungle and green mountains surrounded by coastlines. There is powerful magic emanating from the land itself and the whole country is teeming with life. It is here that the Wizard's College and their grand archives exist at the center of the sprawling city of Ikat, built on the bones of an ancient civilization.

## Important NPCs
- **Headmaster Poxlom**
    - 
- **Headmaster Citlamina**
    - 
- **Headmaster Usukan**
    - 
- **Nenetl**
    - Activist archeaologist

**Goal:** Make it to Ikat and the Wizard's College, access the library's secret underground chambers, and look for information.

## Locations

### Jungle Road
Hot, humid, loud with the sounds of nature. Road is long and has lots of turns with the land, not many walking along it.

### Ikat
Limestone buildings, old paved roads, natural integrated with constructed in a thoughtful way. Channels take clean water through the city, people are relatively friendly but ask a lot of questions. Everyone assumes anyone new is just here for the archives or the college in general.

### Wizard's College
Built within a repurposed temple, protested by locals and archaeologists, areas under renovation that have little to do with respectful research. 

### Grand Archives
Makes up a significant portion of the college, bookshelves for miles in a labyrinth within the primary temple chamber and extending down into the earth. Books of every category imaginable, sorted by topic and author. Wizards wandering back and forth, researching and organizing.

### Secret Archives
Accessed via a puzzle requiring several keys, the secret archive hasnt been accessed in a number of years. It isn't opened without evidence that the world at large is in peril. The keys must be acquired before the secret archive can be accessed, by whatever means necessary.

## Obstacles
- Wild Animals (F,D)
    - 
- Bandits (D,C)
    - 
- Elemental Guardians (C)
    - 
- Zanivana the Sphinx (B)
    - 

## Secrets

|:--- |
| The library is said to be guarded by the wise serpent, or Ixehcoatl, who eats the foolish. |
| The Willabog is the only creature known to have mastered memory magic, casters who try typically end up going insane. |
| The secret archives are locked and require three keys, one from each headmaster, to open the door. The keys will not be easy to obtain. |
| (A) simply doesn't believe the secret library should be opened without good reason. |
| (B) wants money in exchange for her key, the job doesn't pay enough to keep up with her bad habits. |
| (C) wants Mellen's firstborn, then her horn, then finally will settle for some of her hair. |
| The underground library is protected by a powerful magical sphinx named Zanivana, not Ixehcoatl. In fact, she was put here to replace the serpent by someone else (Ravi). |
| Zanivana is hungry for new knowledge and can be satisfied with debate over the question "why should you be left alive?" |
| The Amari people were swallowed by the earth as the consequence of a powerful banishing spell known only to their own people. The destruction came one full moon after the Amari closed their city to outsiders and warned the world that their downfall would pave the way for a war unlike any seen on the planet. |
| Tarkhan's mansion is built inside of Mt. Tureq. It is heavily trapped and guarded by powerful beasts. |

## Treasures
- Info (specifically the name Ravi)
    - 
 