# First Week at Camp Courage
The first week at Camp Courage has passed. What have you been up to?

- Looking to sneak out to Camp Comet?
- Camp activities (archery, volleyball, obstacle races)
- Lake activities (swimming, sailing, diving)
- Forest activities (foraging, tracking, survival skills)

The Boot overhear Eileen talking with Roosevelt about how they're running low on supplies in the cookhouse and the delivery wagon still hasn't arrived. If the delivery doesn't show up the kids will be left eating nothing but oat porridge for the summer. Roosevelt is upset because he was excited to cook exciting and interesting dishes for the campers.

The delivery wagon is late and the Boot must investigate. A few miles up the road, deep in the forest, there is a stone bridge that stretches over a river. Beneath the bridge is a troll (named Wally) who does take a toll for people to cross, but he's very professional about the whole thing. He hasn't seen the wagon, but he's heard rumors of a ghoul's nest popping up in a nearby town, who's cemetary happens to be right off the main road.

Following Wally's directions, the Boot will make it to the town of Flyfish. A kind farmer by the name of Anton tells the Boot that Olaf the gravedigger has gone missing and he's been hearing strange sounds coming from the road at night. Everyone's started to be more careful and the graves have gone untended while they search for Olaf.

There is a series of tunnels underneath the cemetary where the ghouls have stolen the bodies and bones and dragged them down into dark caverns beneath the town. The ghouls have been taking the bodies to a pit to feed a massive Sinkworm, and have in fact been keeping the town from dropping into the worm's mouth with their sacrifices. The ghouls ran out of dead bodies and have started to steal from travellers (like the delivery wagon) to appease the Sinkworm.

The Boot must help find a way to chase away the sinkworm or keep it satiated for long enough that the ghouls can find a new food source.
