# Quest Name
[goose] and [bug] are hunters looking for a legendary beast in the frozen wastes.

## Important NPCs
- **Hunt-lord Ulrich**
    - An old hunters who owns the lodge and sends hunters out for challenges. Accomplished and famous but also ancient and long past his prime.
- **Ricard**
    - Seasoned hunter looking to complete one last notable hunt before he retires.
- **Gendry**
    - Ricard's partner, a young-but-serious cleric with useful healing and buffing magic. Worried about Ricard retiring (what will he even do if not hunt?)
- **Svetla**
    - Hunting prodigy, young and cocky but with a winning record to validate the attitude. Wants another trophy for her wall.
- **Molly**
    - Svetla's partner, a medic looking for some adventure before settling down with her fiance, a scribe named Kyle.
- **Horace**
    - Carpenter and hobbyist hunter looking to get more serious, considering a career change.
- **Rina**
    - Horace's wife and partner, skilled with ranked weapons and trapping. Wants Horace to be happy but worries about the bottom line (not a lot of money in hunting unless you get famous).

**Goal:** Track down the Glaringgale, kill it, and return to the lodge for the reward.

## Locations

### Hunter's Lodge
Description

### 

## Obstacles
- **Coyopossums (C)**
    - Fat, dog-like creatures with an attitude. While not particularly fast, their teeth and claws definitely pose a problem.
- **Other hunters (B)**
    - Armed with dangerous weapons and years of experience hunting great beasts, scarred from past battles and tough as nails.
- **Bonephants (A)**
    - Huge, typically docile creatures prone to stampeding. Elephant-like build with many tiny bony protrusions like the spines of a hedgehog.
- **Glaringgale (S)**
    - A giant bird with a sharp beak and razor talons, reflective feathers make it shine brightly in the sunlight. Causes radiant damage, beam attack.

## Secrets
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
5. 
6. 
7. 
8. 
9. 
10. 

## Treasures
- Name (Rating)
    - Description